PROZAC+ - Prozac+ - prozac+ Prozac+ - Discografia completissima a cura di Giovanni Guzzetta. Home - Concerti - Storia - Discografia - TestaPlastica - AcidoAcida - 3 P+ - Baby - Fun Club 0 - Foto - Pastiglie&copy; - Stampa - Dilemmi - Forum - Guestbook Prozac+ Discography Formats: Prozac+ Discography v.2002.03.16 (updated on 16/03/02) If you want to analyze the chronology of Prozac+'s discography it is necessary to go back to 1996. It began with "Legami" which means "Tie me" in the mythical "lick me" version. This track is only available on the "Niki" on blue vinyl 7" and their first single on CD called "Pastiglie" ("Tablets") which was made to announce "Plastica" ("Plastic Head"). Their first full LP came out on Vinyl ("Luff color") on 10" and on CD from the independent record label Vox Pop. Both editions do not include the cover of the Violent Femmes "Gone Daddy Gone", but that will be included in EMI's future repressings. At the same time a large chain of CD stores announced the release of "Prima o poi" ("Sooner or later") on the Vox Pop record label. Nothing more about this single is known except that it included the song compilation of Arezzo Wave 96. This is when glorious Vox Pop stops its ugly waters and closes the shop due to failure. But, not before publishing a single on promo vinly called "Betty Tossica" which contains on the b-side the cover of "Gone Daddy Gone" by the Violent Femmes. An EP on CD exists for "Baby" on Vox Pop illegally since Vox Pop just failed and Prozac+ passed their contract to a major label EMI (Italy). In January 1998 a promotional single only for radio called "Acida" was released. Following this, the official 12" vinyl and CD single with 2 remixed versions of Acida (that radio's stream continuously without break) and the album "Acido Acida" was released. Acido Acida obtained incredible success. At the same time, EMI promised to support the CD and issue the 10" on a double vinyl album. All false promises. Thank God GM pressed 1,000 copies of a picture disc; paying for the pressing and the rights to it out of his own pocket. This vinyl version includes "Sognare" (means dreaming, song that you can find only here) and the buzzcock's cover "What Do i Get", later included in a CD promo from the Italian magazine called "Rock Sound". In the meantime the song Colla ("Glue", referring to Sniffing glue) is released as a promo CD for radio stations. This second single from the album "Acido Acida" is followed by the third one, "GM". On March 10th, 2000 a new promo single "Angelo" was released followed by a full album "3 prozac +" on March 24th, 2000. The Italian version of 3 prozac+ has been followed up by an English version of the same album for sale outside of Italy only. New promo singles issued with 3 Prozac+ are: Superdotato and Cagna. Both the 3 singles from Acido Acida are come toghether with relative videos that join to their first "Pastiglie" and the 3 new singles Angelo (then promotoed in the world in the version "Angel"), Superdotato and Cagna. All 3 singles from the Acido Acida album, Pastiglie from Testa Plastica + Angelo (+Angel , the english version), Cagna and Superdotato have videos. They made tons of variations in compilations, CD promo's only for the radio, and more. Their vinyl records are impossible to find, even in Italy, especially the first two 45 singles from the first issue of "Testa plastica", the CD promo "pastiglie" and Baby EP if they contain lickable adhesive that was in the sealed covers. The prices on the market from collectors are really high - So good luck and good hunting!! Officially issued - the first English single "Acida" (English version) / Angelo (Italian version) and it is sold out within a few days of release!!! On September 2001 released the single Tainted Love, the could be downloaded in mp3 too. 2002: Releas ed t he promotional Cd single (25/01/02) &quot;Il mondo Di Piera&quot; taken from the forthcoming (15/02) album &quot;MIODIO&quot; that contains 14 songs sung in italian except for the cover Tainted Love Edited by Joe Kambeitz and Giovanni Guzzetta, Copyright 1998-2002 ARR. 7&quot; Promo Cds (NEW!!) 12&quot; (NEW!!) Albums in Cd Albums in Vinile Compilation e varie Memorabilia e simili Cassette Last Releases The promotional Cd single (25/01/02) &quot;Il mondo Di Piera&quot; taken from the forthcoming (15/02) album &quot;MIODIO&quot; Sept 2001 released the promo single TAINTED LOVE Officially issued - the first English single "Acida" (English version) / Angelo (Italian version) and it is sold out within a few days of release!!! Issued in Spain and In Germany the new album &quot;3 Prozac+&quot; sung in English Let me Know about news and strange editions made in you country Tutti i diritti relativi alla discografia su esposta sono riservati. Contattami per informazioni riguardo questa discografia e l'uso della stessa. Tutti i diritti sono riservati. Nessuna parte del sito pu essere riprodotta o diffusa con un metodo qualsiasi senza il permesso scritto del sottoscritto. Ogni abuso verr punito. Autore, direttore artistico e webmaster Giovanni Guzzetta . Copyright 1998-2001 Giovanni Guzzetta. Tutti i diritti sono riservati.Nessuna parte del sito (nulla escluso) pu essere riprodotta o diffusa con un metodo qualsiasi senza il permesso scritto del sottoscritto . Ideato per IE 5.0 Risoluz. 800x600 Tenetevi Forte!!!!! Aggiornato il 16-03-02 .